![](http://oyster.ignimgs.com/mediawiki/apis.ign.com/splatoon/thumb/3/36/Smain.png/468px-Smain.png)

#Splatoon Review

You're a kid now, you're a squid now! Splatoon is Nintendo's new IP for
their latest console, the Wii U. This game is a 3rd person shooter with
paint ball like guns, but, they shoot ink.

## Multiplayer

Multiplayer is one of the biggest modes in this game. In this mode, when
a game starts there are 2 teams. Using a various weapons (which I will talk
about later), and you must cover the as much as the map as you can with your
colored ink. And, of course if you need to you can splat other people. This
mode is Splatoon's (in my opinion) best feature. 

![](http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/143/590x/Splatoon-Update-594364.jpg)

## Singleplayer

Singleplayer is a bit... weird, so to say. Basically, the Squid people (who
you play as) and the Octopus people (lets use Octopi for short) have been
enemies for a very long time, and the Octopi has stolen a power generator
for the city. So now, its up to you (obviously), to save the Zapfish (Power
generator). You go from different stages to different bosses, and I have
played through most of it, and let me say that it is very fun and creative.
Throughout it you gain different weapons, see new features and much more. It
is a good mix of platforming and shooting, making a very good singleplayer
experience. You also meet some very interesting characters, such as Cap'n
Cuttlefish (who gives you your singleplayer missions), DJ Octavio (Main
Boss), and other interesting characters.

![](http://www.raregamer.co.uk/forums/piyoz/splatoon_boss.png)

## Weapons

In this game, there are alot of very interesting weapons in this game, and
even more to come. Ill go over some here. 

### The Shooter

![](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/splatoon/images/e/ed/Shooter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/294?cb=20150507203649)

The Shooter is a weapon which can be used in almost any situation. It is
a very simple one, and not much can be said about it.

### The Roller

![](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/splatoon/images/d/db/Screenshot_3.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150507233803)

The Roller is great for covering surfaces with ink, but it has a very short
rang and is not great for damaging other players.

### Burst Bomb

![](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/splatoon/images/a/a8/Bust_bomb.png/revision/latest?cb=20150727155933)

The Burst Bomb is your average bomb/grenade. It can splatter a specific area
of land and can cause heavy damage to any enemy.


Those were just a few weapons, but there are tons more for you to test out
and play with.


## Overall 

Overall Splatoon is a great game, and if you enjoy the shooter/platformer
genre, then you'll love this game. I give this game a 9.5/10 and if you
happen to find it on sale or just want to give it a try, I totally recommend
buying it.
